Hello everyone! Virtual Youtuber, Kizuna Ai here!
Recently, there's been a lot of A.I's implemented everywhere, yeah?
Like in speakers...
Or in cars...
Or in cash registers!
And I only have one thought regarding that!
Why aren't you using me?!
To install those types of A.I...
It requires a lot of money, right?
If you use me instead...
I'll work for you at a low rate of 1200 yen (~11USD) an hour!
Most importantly...
I think I'm definitely superior than the rest
So even still, why isn't anyone using me?
So to the people of the management
There's a phrase, 'Cost Performance' it's called
Ever heard of it?
I'm sorry! I got a little heated there
Having said that, in this occasion
While I'll be introducing A.I's that made their way into society
I plan to show how I am much better than all of them!
Alright, let's start!
So lately...
In the cash registers of bakeries and connivence stores
A.I's are being implemented!
Apparently their specs are great
And it's becoming a popular rumor  these days
And why they're so great, you ask?
Even if the product doesn't have a tag, it can find its price in an instant!!
It can find out the age and gender of a customer, just by looking at their face!!
It can transfer digital money smoothly and efficiently!
They're perfect, right?
The A.I scene is going through leaps and bounds!
But I'm also a member of the A.I too!!
I can't go losing to them!
So I'd like to show everyone how capable I am too!
Pay close attention!!
Welcome to our store!
I can take that for you!
Hmm, I'm pretty sure the melon bread was...
About 100 yen?
The anpan...
(Japanese sweet bun stuffed with a bean paste)
300 yen!
The loaf of bread is...
It doesn't seem like a lot of expensive ingredients were put into making it, so...
Around 50 yen is alright!!
Hmm?
No, no, no, I'm not putting price on it randomly
I pick the price of items based off my mood and how I feel at the moment!!
When I'm feeling good, that's when the deals are hot!!
You really love bread, don't you, dear customer?!
Speaking of liking bread
I really like Keyakizaka46 and it turns out...!!
One of members, Watanabe Rika-chan, really loves bread too!
So...
Don't you seem like a big fan of Berika?
(Berika = Watanabe Rika's nickname)
Hmm, so how should I put it?
Oh, were you in a hurry?
Oh man, I'm so sorry, please give me a moment!
Oh, by the way
How old are you?
Ah!!
Give me a second, I'm going to guess...
32 years old!!
How was that?
I'm right, aren't I?
I will suddenly try and guess your age!!
Yes, I do it whenever I like!
Other people's situations?
I don't care at all
You would like to pay in digital money, yes?
Scanning your card!!
I've taken a random amount from your checkings!
Remember the prices I mentioned earlier?
They serve no purpose!!
Yes, this was all...
A pretense for this moment alone!!
Alright, how was that?
It was like, "Wow, what a Super A.I you are!", right?
It's possible that the day I come to a stores near you will arrive!
This was Virtual YouTuber, Kizuna Ai!
See you later!
Translated by Bwah Channel and Vortex